[President Reagan]
Air and naval forces of
the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
[reporter] Pan Am Flight
103 crashed into the
town of Lockerbie.
[Reagan]
He has sanctioned
acts of terror
in Africa, Europe,
the Middle East.
[President George H.W. Bush]
This will not stand, this
aggression against, uh, Kuwait.
[Reagan]
This relentless pursuit
of terror.
[President George H.W. Bush]
We will make no distinction...
[reporter]
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number
we're gonna to swing for you
is one of the good
old favorites.
...until something stops him.
[Carrie] I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
[man] That plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
Due to local competition,
Which will change.
[Saul] What the fuck
are you doing?
They decided to
increase production...
God!
[Carrie]
Fuck! I missed
something once before.
I won't--
I can't let that happen again.
[Saul]
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed
something that day.
[Carrie]
Everyone's not me.
Previously on Homeland...
How come I've never
heard of this guy?
Virgil]
Who, Quinn?
Just check him out.
[Saul]
So he met some guy
on a city bus?
-You know him?
-Dar Adal.
That's Dar Adal?
That's him,
in the flesh.
Hello?
[Brody over phone]
Hey, it's me.
Carrie, I need you to go get
my family right away.
Take them somewhere safe.
The CIA sent me, Jess.
There's a threat.
Whoa! This is sick!
Thank you...
for being here.
Carrie's he's here;
he's in America.
Abu Nazir?
How is that even possible?
Jesus Christ!
[Carrie]
If that's the device,
it's at least 200 pounds.
Tac One, Tac Two, Tac Three,
move now. Over.
[tires screeching]
[gunshots]
[man] FBI!
Show me
your hands!
[Carrie]
It's not him.
It's not Abu Nazir.
[Estes over radio]
Stand down. We still need him.
I say again,
stand down.
What the hell
are you doing here?
We got 'em, Brody.
Your information was good.
Got 'em all?
All but Nazir--
he's still out there.
Walter's Waffles for
lunch every Tuesday.
Some habits die
hard, I guess.
Little things
I can count on
mean more and more
to me as I get older.
Do you find that?
[sighs] I find
that everything
means more to me
as I get older.
[chuckles]
Plus, I've got
a crush on Berta.
I went by your house.
-Oh...
-New owners.
Nice people.
There's no point in
keeping a house anymore--
I have to move
every few weeks.
Christ, I miss the Cold War.
Prefer the daily threat
of nuclear annihilation?
No, I miss the rules.
The Soviets didn't shoot us;
we didn't shoot them.
Boy, this bunch...
Thought you retired.
[chuckles] Oh...
Oh, I tried, I tried.
Tell me about
Peter Quinn.
Peter Quinn?
You met with him last
night around 8:00.
Number seven bus.
Who's asking?
Me.
Just you?
Peter Quinn is one of mine.
Why would Estes put
a off-the-book black ops guy
in charge of a straight-up
intelligence operation?
He didn't tell me;
he just asked for a soldier.
Soldiers kill people.
They also fix airplane engines
and cook bad food--
it was a figure of speech.
Maybe Estes put Quinn in there
just to keep his eye on you.
Maybe he doesn't
trust you.
Why wouldn't he
trust me?
You still afraid to get your
hands dirty, Saul?
I still prefer to
figure the problem out,
not obliterate it.
You're too sensitive
for this line of work,
you always have been.
I'm amazed you've
lasted this long.
Me, too.
-Has Brody called?
-Not yet.
He will.
[sighs] I know.
Listen, Jessica,
about last night...
Hey, shh.
I loved last night.
It was fun.
It was, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was.
I keep waiting
to feel guilty.
[door opening]
Brody.
I'll be next door.
Welcome home.
Pretty posh.
Thanks for
helping out, Mike.
No problem.
Let me go
pack my bags.
-Everything good?
-Everything's great.
[Chris]
Hey, Dad.
Hey, buddy.
Come here.
Hi, Dad.
[Mike]
I'll be heading out.
You guys need anything else,
give me a holler.
Bye.
See you around.
[door closes]
Dad?
Are you a spy now?
No. No, I'm just a congressman
who helped the CIA.
So you won't be
disappearing again?
No. I'm not going anywhere.
I've got homework.
[Jessica] You, too.
You got a book report to write.
[sighs]
So, what happens next?
-Do we get to go home?
-Not quite yet.
Well, the kids
can't miss any more school
without falling behind.
They're going stir-crazy.
-I noticed.
-So am I.
I noticed.
It's good that
Mike was here.
Yeah. It helped.
What are we doing?
I don't know.
[phone ringing]
Dana told me it was Carrie
that stopped you from
letting her go to the police.
Yes, it was.
[phone continues ringing]
Go ahead, answer it.
Hello?
Hey.
So, the attorney general's
ready to honor our
agreement with you,
but as we discussed,
there are few things
-you'll need to do first.
-Resign from Congress?
For starters.
You'll also have to tell Walden
that you're passing
on the VP spot.
The press are gonna have
a lot of questions when you do,
so we're gonna have to figure
out what you're gonna say.
[sighs]
I could say it's personal.
Just decided to put
family before politics.
How is the family?
I honestly don't know.
Well, you can all
go home soon.
That should help.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
You?
It's good to hear your voice.
Yours, too.
[Carrie]
Talk to you later.
[phone beeps]
[radio news woman]
Market stocks fell for a
fifth day, led by resources...
[changing stations]
[trumpet playing
mid-tempo jazz]
The President
of the United States...
personally called the
director this morning
and congratulated him
on a job well done.
[Estes]
That's the good news.
The bad news is,
we still don't have
Abu Nazir yet.
With FBI help, we've dropped
a net over the DC metro area.
Maryland,
the Virginia State Police
and the National Guard
have joined the search.
[quietly]
Find Adal?
What did he say?
Quinn is one of his.
[Virgil]
So what's he doing here?
That's a good question.
There'll be plenty of time for
celebrating after we get Nazir.
I am personally
looking forward
to at least
several martinis.
I had a talk
with Dar Adal.
He confirmed that Peter Quinn,
or whatever his real name is,
comes from his side of things.
So again I ask:
what's he doing
on my operation?
His operation, Saul.
It's his operation.
And now it's over.
Is it?
Yes.
Why is he still here?
Brody knows that you
and Walden ordered
a drone strike
-against a madrassa
full of kids.
-So?
So it could be
that Quinn's an
insurance policy
against that information
ever becoming public.
An insurance policy?
Just what exactly
are you implying?
Only that you and Walden went
to great lengths once before
to cover up the drone strike.
Is this an accusation?
-I'm only asking
a question, David.
-Well, goddamn it, Saul,
I'm not gonna dignify
it with answer.
-Is that a yes?
-Fuck you, Saul.
Fuck you!
[Quinn]
Am I interrupting?
No. What's up?
Carrie's been in an accident.
DC police found her car
on 17th Street all smashed up.
It was broad-sided.
-Is she hurt?
-They can't find her.
-What do you mean,
they can't find her?
-She's not there.
-They're looking
in local hospitals.
-Get over to 17th Street.
He knows.
Oh, you dog.
Sorry.
Are you hustling me?
[doorbell rings]
Our friends at Secret Service
reached out to us.
Finn Walden wants
to come and visit Dana.
He says it's important.
Finn Walden wants
to pay Dana a visit.
I don't think she'd like that.
Shouldn't we ask her?
Ask me what?
Finn wants to come see you.
Why?
[Jessica]
I don't know.
He says it's important.
He's been texting
me all day.
He sounds
like a mess.
Okay.
-I'll let them know.
-Thanks.
[phone ringing, door closes]
[Brody pants heavily]
Are you alone?
No.
I will call you back
in one minute.
Sorry. It's work.
[door opens]
Hey. I'm just
stretching my legs.
Mm-hmm.
[indistinct chatter]
[elevator bell dings]
[phone rings]
What the fuck have you
done to Carrie?
Did you think it
would be easy?
That you could betray me
and just walk away?
It's over.
Get that into your
fucking your head!
It's not over.
Let me talk to her,
goddamn it!
Nicholas, calm down.
If you want to help her, you
will do exactly as I tell you.
I need you to get into the
vice president's home office.
Why?
There's a treadmill
in there.
Somewhere near it,
there is
a plastic case
the size of a book.
Inside that,
there is a serial number.
How the fuck do you
know all this?
New York Times,
believe it or not.
[sighs]
Get me the number.
Why?
Tell me, goddamn it!
[panting]
Walden has a bad heart.
So?
His pacemaker can be
wirelessly accessed
with that number.
You're shitting me.
I'm not.
I won't do it.
Yes, you will.
No. I won't.
[panting]
Nazir?
Send me the number,
or I will kill her.
Oh, you'll kill her anyway.
Right here.
Right now.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Okay, just...
Nazir?
Nazir?!
[panting loudly]
[panting]
[heavy door closing]
[door opening]
[Chris]
Hey, Dad?
We gonna finish our
game of Hearts?
Not now.
[sighs]
[touch tones sounding,
door closing]
[phone rings,
indistinct chatter]
Carrington.
Jim? It's Nick Brody.
Is the vice president there?
Oh, he's in a meeting
with the Israeli ambassador.
Great. I need to talk to him.
Something of an emergency.
Well, I can't interrupt
the meeting.
All right. I understand.
Uh, I'll be over.
Will you keep him there?
I'll do my best, Congressman.
I got a small
cyclone stirring
over the matter
of wheat subsidies.
I got to go talk
to the vice president.
Of course.
I'll need a car to take us
to the naval observatory in
-ten minutes?
-Thanks.
[panting]
[groans softly,
feet scraping on floor]
[grunting]
[panting loudly]
[groaning]
[groans]
[whimpers]
[groaning]
[heavy door closes]
[crying]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[yelling]
[loud groaning]
[groaning]
[loud panting]
[fastener whirring]
[groans softly]
[loud panting]
[panting continues]
[indistinct radio transmission,
distant siren wailing]
Oh.
Oh, where the fuck
are you, Carrie?
[indistinct radio
transmission]
There's no record of her
at any of the local
hospitals or emergency rooms.
Cops are still canvassing
the neighborhood.
We might get lucky.
Lucky? No one saw the crash?
Well, one guy says he saw
a woman running away.
Another says
he saw a guy dragging a
woman into another car.
Any surveillance tape?
There's cameras all over
the place down here.
Well, the cops are collecting
what they can find.
Our computers
will run a search.
We dropped the ball.
Never should have let Carrie
wander around unprotected.
If it's Nazir,
what's he up to?
Maybe Carrie's his
bargaining chip
to get himself out
of the country.
Then why haven't we
heard from him?
I don't know.
[indistinct chatter]
[phone ringing]
Carrie?
Is that you?
Brody, this is Saul Berenson.
I'm calling on her phone.
Carrie's missing.
Police found her car over
on 17th Street, smashed to shit.
Looks like some kind
of hit-and-run.
Last number she
called was you.
What she say? She tell you
where she was going?
Brody, you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
Well, what did she say?
Oh, she told me it was
time to tell Walden
that I could no longer
be a candidate for VP.
That's it?
We also discussed
my resigning from Congress.
If you hear from her again,
let me know.
I will.
What are you guys doing here?
In hiding or something?
Turns out my dad is,
like, a super spy, and
terrorists want to kill
him or some shit.
I don't know.
That sounds
kind of insane.
Doesn't it.
How come you didn't
answer any of my texts?
What do you want, Finn?
Every morning I wake up,
and for a few brief
seconds, I'm free.
I can just...
look at the sky,
or... listen
to the birds.
[laughs]
And then...
wham.
I remember the sound of that
woman hitting the windshield.
I remember that I've killed
another human being,
and I can't take it back.
You're the only one
I can talk to about it.
It makes me sick that...
you hate me.
Did you know what your
dad would do?
That he would pay them off?
That's how the
world works.
I didn't know that,
I guess.
Remember that night...
top of the
Washington Monument?
Can't we start over?
Whatever we felt...
we broke it.
We killed it...
just the same way
that we killed that woman.
[Virgil]
That's Nazir
less than 20 minutes
before Carrie's accident.
Security cameras caught him.
That's his car.
We traced the license plate.
He probably used
a fake ID;
it's a rental.
Where is this place?
Five blocks from
where Carrie's car
was hit on 17th Street.
Fuck you doing here?
You're supposed to be
in Walter Reed.
I heard about Carrie.
I want to help.
[Virgil]
Here, take a look at this.
[clattering]
[gasps]
No.
[water splashing]
As you please.
This is what you did
to Brody, isn't it?
A lot of pain,
a little love.
Am I supposed
to feel grateful?
I don't care what you feel.
There's no way he
can just waltz
into the naval
observatory and get you
that serial number.
He's a resourceful man
when he wants to be.
Not that resourceful.
He will do it to save you.
You're going
to kill me
no matter what happens.
Brody knows that.
A man gambles with
what he has.
He will try.
Don't be so sure.
He's smarter than you think.
You love him, too.
Perhaps we have
that in common.
We have nothing in common.
Sometimes,
when you're breaking a man,
an emotional transference
takes place.
For me, with Nicholas,
it was quite powerful.
It was really a kind of love.
You're never going to leave
this country alive.
I know and I don't care.
Bullshit.
[sighs]
You can't even imagine that,
can you?
Believing in something
bigger than you,
more important
than you?
We are at war,
I am a soldier.
You're a terrorist.
Imagine you are sitting
down to dinner
with your wife and children.
Out of the sky,
as if thrown by
an angry god,
a drone strike hits
and destroys all of them.
Who is the terrorist?
It's the last day of Ramadan.
A young man enters
a Shia village,
pushing a cart full of
candy and toys.
He waits in the
school playground
for all the children
to gather.
Then he reaches back
and flips a switch.
We fight with what we have.
You pervert the teachings
of the Prophet
and call it a cause.
You turn teenagers
into suicide bombers.
Generation after generation
must suffer and die.
We are prepared for that.
Are you?
Whatever it takes.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Really?
With your pension plans
and organic foods,
your beach houses
and sports clubs?
Do you have the perseverance,
the tenacity, the faith?
Because we do.
You can bomb us, starve us,
occupy our holy places,
but we will never
lose our faith.
We carry God in our hearts,
our souls.
To die is to join him.
It may take a century,
two centuries,
three centuries,
but we will exterminate you.
Like I said...
you're a terrorist.
[man]
ID, please.
Ma'am.
I've got Congressman Brody
for the vice president.
[window rolls up]
Stacy.
-Congressman Brody.
-Hello.
I'm sorry, but the
vice president's still
in his meeting with
Ambassador Elon.
Oh, no worry,
I'll wait.
Might be a while.
I don't mind.
Can I get you anything--
water, lemonade?
Double shot of
your best bourbon.
Just kidding, I'm fine.
[exhales]
Nature calls.
Gentlemen, bathroom?
Thank you.
[exhales]
[panting]
[indistinct chatter,
footfalls approaching]
[chatter and
footfalls subside]
[touch tones sounding]
[line ringing]
[Nazir]
Nicholas?
I've got the number.
Text it to me.
Let Carrie go first.
Text me the number,
then I will
let her go.
No, you won't.
Once you've got what you need,
you'll kill her.
The minute I let her go,
you won't text me the number.
God, you've got to trust me.
How could I possibly
trust you?
Send me the number
or I will kill her.
Nazir, if you kill her,
you will never get
this number.
[panting]
You have five seconds.
Listen to me, listen to me,
Nazir, listen.
Let Carrie go and I swear
I will send it to you.
I swear on the soul of Issa.
Why would I believe that?
Because you know how
much I loved him.
And because you know how
much I hate Walden.
He deserves to die
for what he did.
And what he will do
as president.
Swear again.
I swear. I swear.
Swear on the immortal soul
of my son Issa Mohammed.
I swear. I s...
I swear...
on Issa's...
immortal soul.
Nazir?
Nazir?!
Go.
Go!
[panting]
[groans]
Let me see her, goddamn it!
I want to see her actually
getting away, Nazir.
[Brody panting]
It's too dark.
It's too dark, Nazir.
I can't see her.
[Nazir]
She's gone.
Send me the number.
Send me the number now.
Send me the number
or I will go after her.
[horn honking]
Asshole!
[beeping]
[phone chimes]
[phone beeps]
[keys clacking]
[object clatters]
There you are.
I thought you left.
Getting a feel
for the joint?
Yeah. Hope you
don't mind.
Not at all.
Be yours soon enough.
You all right?
What's the matter?
Yeah, I'm fine.
How was, uh... how was
your meeting with, uh,
Ambassador Elon?
We're getting close.
Another week or so,
we'll be ready to
deliver the bunker
buster Israel needs
to take out Iran's nuclear
enrichment plant at Natanz.
I thought that was
off the table.
It was.
Estes told me
what you did for CIA.
Not the details,
of course, but...
he said you were
instrumental in bringing
down Nazir's network.
I was able to help
a little, yes.
How do you manage to do all that
and keep it to yourself?
I don't know.
[chuckles]
As soon as I can get
that operation declassified,
we are gonna tell
this whole fucking country
what you did.
"Marine Fights Terrorists
at Home as Well as Abroad."
What did you want
to see me about?
Right.
Right, um...
Well, sir, uh...
I'm afraid...
that in fact this can
never be mine.
Why not?
Because...
I've decided to withdraw my
name from consideration
for the VP spot.
I'm sorry, sir.
It's for my family.
Fuck your family.
We're talking about the second
highest office in this land,
the possibility someday of
the highest office in this land.
You don't walk away from that.
Not for anyone.
[keys clacking]
[grunts]
[grunting]
You okay?
[grunts]
[strained]
I don't know.
Actually, it's not
for my family.
It's for me.
[rhythmic beeping]
Because I want
to feel clean again.
And because
I pretty much
disagree with everything
you say and do.
[rhythmic beeping]
That's very funny.
You got some balls, Brody.
I'll give you that.
I'm not joking.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[rapid beeping]
[groans]
[grunts]
[strained]
Call a doctor.
I don't think so.
Goddamn...
[grunting]
What are you doing?
Huh?
What are you doing?!
[grunts]
You still don't get it,
do you?
[grunting]
[quietly]
I'm killing you.
[grunting]
[Walden panting]
[grunts]
[sustained beep tone]
[Brody breathing unsteadily]
[sighs]
It's done.
[beep]
[horn honking]
[brakes screech]
[man]
Are you fucking nuts? Jesus.
-What happened to you?
-Give me your cell phone.
I'm not giving you
my fucking cell phone.
This is a matter
of national security.
Give me your fucking
cell phone!
No! Hey! Hey!
Come back with that!
[phone rings]
Yeah.
Saul, it's Carrie.
Carrie, where the fuck are you?
Abu Nazir is in
an abandoned mill.
Where?
I have no idea.
[man] Give me my phone,
-you bitch!
-Where are we?
-Where the fuck are we?!
-What?
We're on Highway 50.
Where on Highway 50?
East of Chantilly.
Highway 50,
east of Chantilly.
We'll find you.
Stay put.
Do not go after Nazir.
We're on our way.
Highway 50, east of Chantilly.
Here.
I'm sorry.
It was an emergency.
"National emergency."
East of Chantilly,
east of Chantilly.
-50, 50.
-There.
Dalton's Mill. Halfway between
Middleburg and Chantilly...
[Estes]
Okay, call state police and
tell 'em to surround the place.
Then grab every available body
and get over there!
Yes, sir.
[Estes] I'll alert the FBI
and the rest of
Homeland Security.
[panting]
Hey, get a doctor!
I need a doctor!
The vice president is
having a heart attack!
Will somebody get a doctor?!
-Saul Berenson?
-Yes?
You're wanted upstairs.
Upstairs? What for?
It's important.
That's all they told me.
I'm on my way to
catch a terrorist.
What could be more
important than that?
They didn't say.
[sighs]
Jesus Christ.
Go ahead. I'll catch up.
-Who's asking for me?
-I don't know, sir.
What do you mean you don't know?
Who told you to get me?
They just want to ask
you some questions, sir.
Questions? They?
What the fuck are
you talking about?
There's a room waiting
for us downstairs.
I thought you said
we were going upstairs.
Who the fuck... Hey, hey!
Get your fucking hands off me.
Call Deputy Director Estes.
He'll straighten this out.
He's fully aware.
[panting]
[detector beeping]
[metal object scrapes]
[door creaks]
[door slams]
[clattering in distance]